Just five dreams of the Buddha Shakyamuni,
I respectfully offer my prayers to the Buddha
and my fellow devotees in the Hung Yen Buddhist Club
of Hung Yen province.
My employee came to Buddhism, and
I dare to repent. Before, I did
n't believe in karma.
In the past few years, my
small family has experienced
very sad events. My
husband died in an accident, and then
my daughter became mentally disturbed,
sending messages to various people, including
relatives, saying
she was about to die. She
also kept asking to go to Ba Vang Pagoda.
My mother knew
she was suffering from depression, so she took
her to many large hospitals
and received treatment
at many centers,
spending a lot of money. After that, she went back
to work, and then she was hospitalized at the
Cau Giay District Prosecutor's Office in Hanoi. My mother then
contacted the Youth Club of the
Buddhist Association.  Thinh, I've been
to Ba Vang Pagoda a couple of times, but
my family and I are so worried. They keep saying that
maybe this girl has a mental disorder, that's why
she's like that. I didn't
really believe it. Then she got acquainted
with my daughter and her mother, and they became close to
a group from the Truc Hung
Long Buddhist group in Hanoi. They
introduced her to Hung Yen, because my family lives
in Ecopark. Around evening, when
she gets home from work, everyone comes to my house to
set up an altar to chant scriptures, repent, and
change her karma. Surprisingly, she does
n't talk to me.
I think she's about to be
tricked again. That's what I thought, and
Van Anh is sitting here too. When we get
home, I go
out and see everyone. My family lives in an
apartment building, so we try to avoid noise. My
mother also sees everyone coming,
and I'm worried about the building's rules
and what the neighbors
think of me.  My family said that, or something like
that, but later, when I looked at
everyone, I saw only kind people. They all seemed honest and
virtuous. So I invited them into my
house, and they talked to
me like that, but I was still hesitant
because of the altar. When my husband passed
away, the monk at the temple had already moved the
incense burner from there. After my husband and I had already moved the incense burner, I was
scared and worried, and I told everyone
to let them light incense there, wondering if it would have
any effect because there were so
many sad things happening that day. So
I thought about it again and decided to
let everyone light incense because
we are all spiritual people. The
next day, I suddenly felt very energetic and
prepared everything in advance. Every day, I would prepare a
small meal, and together with Mr. Duc
Anh and the other girls from
Van Giang, they were very
enthusiastic and came every night. I felt like I was having an
epileptic fit because I didn't
know how to practice.  So everyone helped,
but other families couldn't come in
full force. So my siblings were
very discouraged and went to my house. Then, after
49 days, my daughter's condition
gradually improved, though not completely. After
that, my brother Anh Duc also
talked to me and said that I should go to the
temple to pray for her soul. I went and made offerings and prayed for her soul at Ba Vang Temple several times,
14 and 30 times.
That's what I did
for her soul. After only
a few prayers, my
daughter suddenly... before, I was worried she would lose her job. I was
very worried, jokingly saying, "
This job is prestigious,
many people wish they had it but can't have it." So I
was worried again. Now I said, "I
need my health first, I don't need a
job, but I'm still worried about losing it."
So, after
the first time I went to the temple to pray for her soul, the
second time, she suddenly
said, "
Okay, I'm second." I was so happy to see her condition improve.
Since that day, I've been cheerful and
happy, unlike before.
Sometimes, even at night, I text
him, asking what's wrong. I
don't know what the messages are
like, but basically, many people
keep calling me, asking about my
situation.
They keep saying they're about to die, and that's it. It's truly miraculous, the
Buddha's teachings are so powerful. Since that day, I've always loved listening to him speak, so I'm addicted to the voice of Venerable Thich Truc Thai Minh. I'm
telling you the truth, almost all the time. I
like listening to him when I'm working as a cleaner in
an
apartment building, just pushing things around
to clean the floors. I always bring my
radio with me, and I turn it on and listen.
I find the Venerable's voice so warm. And then there are
the stories
about the Dharma. Maybe it's true that I'm just starting to practice.
But I've heard so much from many people, and
now I really
want to transform and share my experiences with
them.  The day after tomorrow, but it's true that
my family is still very confused.
People keep calling me, saying, "
Hong, that temple is a scam,
why do you keep doing that?" But I've
explained a lot, and
now many people understand.
I also want to have a
boyfriend, gradually. Because honestly, it's only been
a few
months since my family
changed our ways,
since August.
Now, seeing my daughter working,
she's happy, beautiful, and independent, and I'm so
happy.
Before, my daughter and I argued all the time. When she came home from work,
she'd
say, "The house is far away, and the
job is so stressful." I was so
sad and miserable, always blaming my fate, wondering
why others are happy while
I'm suffering. But now
I believe in karma, and I
see that what I've done is
due to my karma, and I have to know how to practice self-cultivation.
It has just transformed karma, and
so everyone can consider this as something
to think about and understand
life, and the law of cause and effect. If
you diligently practice, your life
will be more peaceful and happy. I also want to express my gratitude to my
master
and the entire monastic community of Ba Vang Temple, as well as to the
teacher and especially the Dharma leader and fellow
practitioners of the Chuc Hung
and Van Giang clubs who helped my family
come to Buddhism and achieve the happiness we have
today. Yes, I'm almost dying, so I'll
tell you about Ms. Hong's case. I'd like to add this: Ms. Hong's daughter came
here this morning,
but she just got back from work. She
works at the District Prosecutor's Office in Cau
Giay, Hanoi. She's
very beautiful and bright, but in the
beginning, when she met us, she didn't accept our situation.
She kept saying all day that she was dying, that she
only had a few days left to live.  Today, it's been a
constant stream of "my mother is dying," and
she's very worried. She keeps saying "my mother is dying," and "I'm so worried about
losing my job." At work, she's very scared and afraid of losing her
job. And when she comes home, my mother and I can
barely talk to
each other. It's really difficult; it's almost like, "
Mom says this," then "she
says that," and I get annoyed. When I say something, Mom gets annoyed. We can
barely talk to each other. But
now, she's sharing that now, my
mother and I love each other very much and respect each other.
When we meet, it's true that
happiness saves the world.
This happiness is what makes the
world happy. The happiness of
each person is the element of
happiness. If everyone were happy, the
world would be happy, right?
And Buddhism brings happiness
to each person; that's what
saves the world. Buddhism leads
to happiness, so Buddhism saves the world,
right? And respectfully, dear fellow
practitioners, regarding the case of my family...  Ms.
Hong, it's true that this happened after the
Ba Vang Temple had an incident called a
bomb. The
person who came was indeed invited.
Ms. Hong's two daughters arrived at
noon, so Ms. Hong had to look them up and
down. Ms. Hong concluded, "Oh no, these
scammers! They're
here!
These scammers are here! First, there's a strong storm, they're talking about
scams, so
that's very common.
Suddenly, I saw my daughter insisting on going to
Ba Vang Temple, so I stopped her, which is right,
because I heard that this is where the scammers are.
This afternoon, Ms. Cam Nhan wanted
her daughter to go there. Now, now,
my daughter is bringing so many people
to our house, all dressed up in clothes and wooden furniture, and they're
coming to our house. And the result is that they're
considered scammers.
Mr. Noda brings happiness to
my family, and my family proves
that these people are not scammers. This
is a verification and a declaration from a
worldly witness."  This
is called greed, hatred, and delusion.
When we use greed, hatred, and delusion to treat each other,
we hope to always
meet people who can turn this world upside down,
right? Bringing to this world
no greed, no hatred, no delusion, abandoning and treating
each other with no greed, no hatred, no
delusion—that is, love and giving. I ask you,
sir, not just in this present moment, but for all eternity,
I want to
connect with people who can turn
the world upside down. So I also wish
Hong and her granddaughter
happiness, and I hope that Giang will also
build a family and find a
son-in-law with moral and karmic principles, because
only with moral and karmic principles can
people consciously do good and
consciously show filial piety. I hope that my granddaughter will find
someone with moral and karmic principles so that Hong can
have complete happiness in
this life, and together mother and daughter can chat and
be friends for all eternity,
always hướng towards the Three Jewels for
happiness and always bring the
Buddha's teachings to help everyone be
happy and peaceful. Yes,
yes.